Intro Part of project:
*Twitter Search & Sentiment Analysis Using
API* where Implementation of search and sentiment
analysis using Tweepy & TextBlob module. Further, Functions like API, OAuthHandler and
etc are used for the ease of code and better
analysis.

Explanation of the project:
This project is based on searching and sentiment analysis using API of the twitter platform.. so starting with your twitter account. on twitter , there's a seprate Developer's Portal where a user can register for the private tokens and consumer keys. These keys helps to connect the twitter application from the programming language through an interface which makes the complete sense of how API (application programming interface) works. These keys & tokens can also be regenrated as per the further requirement.
Moving towards the coding part, Pyhton Modules are used in the code. I've used:
Tweepy 
TextBlob

Tweepy is a Python package that gives you a very convenient way to access the Twitter API with Python. This package consist of various methods which has been used in my code. 
*tweepy.OAuthHandler is one of the tweepy's method which is used to check the authority of the user. In other words, we use OAuthHandler to authenticate whether the provided tokens & keys are correct or not. This helps us to set access token in the further steps.
*tweepy.API is a method of the API class in Tweepy module used to fetch a status / tweet. Extraction of live tweets from the user's twitter account is carried out using tweepy.API . We give stored value of the authentication as an input(first_auth jo variable tm as an input di ho) in tweepy.API nd store the whole result in a seprate variable (storage_api_connect variable that u have used in ur code).

On applying the basics of python and the required logic.. I somehow able to develope this code. Taking input from the users regarding the word user want to search on twitter and the no. of tweets that user wants are taken. Further a loop is executed through which we will obtain a whole new live data of the twitter in a scripted form. also we will apply the proper filters such as lang: eng , result_type:'recent' and etc which will make the searching process effective & fast.
*Iterating through the scripted data(JSON response),it helps to make pagination easier and require less code Tweepy has the cursor object tweepy.cursor which i've used in my code. (pagination ka mtlb hua ki jo JSON Response milega.. utna bada response mai jo filters tm apply kiye ho.. tmko direct wahi pe le jaye.. ignoring the rest of the code.. isse searching fast hoga.)

As a result, we get the live tweets data which i've converted into a formal text using .text method.
(yaha tak mai live tweets fetch hogya..)

(Now for the sentiment..)
Using the same process and logic, i've implemented the sentiment analysis. The sentiment functn of textblob consists of two properties.. Polarity and Subjectivity. Polarity is float which lies in the range of [-1,1] where 1 means positive statement and -1 means a negative statement.
Subjectivity is also a float which lies in the range of [0,1]. In my code, i've used Polarity for the better understanding. 
On framing all the piece of code in a proper manner, i had successfully extracted the twitter live tweets and its sentiments(ploarity).

What is an API?
An API (Application Programming Interface) is a software that allows two applications to communicate with each other. (tere case mai twitter aur python communicate kiya hai)

What is API testing?
API testing is a type of software testing that determines if the developed APIs are functional, reliable and secure.(tm jo keys ko authenticate kiye.. wahi hai)

API Testing ya phr srf API.. why we use it?
There can be multiple reasons for performing API testing:
*Input condition-based return values.
*Call to another API
*if any other event is triggered
*Modification of some resources like an update of the database
(koi bhi 2 3 dekh lena..)

What are some tools used for API testing?
A few popular tools are 
SoapUi Pro
Postman
Apigee
Curl. SoapUi’s interface is quick and easy to use.

What is REST API?
Representational State Transfer, is a set of functions that help developers perform requests and receive responses.

What is the difference between SOAP and REST?
SOAP is a protocol through which two computers can communicate by sharing XML, while REST is a service designed for network-based software architecture.

What is input injection?
Input injection refers to the simulation of user input.

now very important thing.. if ye sb k alawa bhi kch puchta h toh.. API ya pyhton ya project kahi bhi.. then

Since the topic API is a vast topic, i've not covered it completely. I'm still learning and exploring more effective ways to carry out other diff. projects. My work is still under process.

project se agr kch bhot alter puch deta h toh..
Python lang is easy yet very vast. It consist of thousands of libraries. it might be possible to implement the same project in a more effecient way. I'm trying my best to figure it out and focusing on further possibilites of my project.

incase aur bhi kahi fass jao then.. ya kahi kch bhul jao toh aise bolna..
i'm missing the exact keyword.. i've not covered all the pros & cons of this topic.. its a vast topic & i'm still learning.. yahi sb bhol dena cover krne k liye..
kosis krna ki "no sir i don't know about this thing" bhot kam bolna pade..

INFOSYS:
founded in 2 July 1981; 40 years ago
founders: there are many other founders too, but Nagavara Ramarao Narayana Murthy (N. R. Narayana Murthy) is mainly i know.
what infosys do: Outsourcing.. Consulting.. Managed services
No of emp: 259,619 (2021)
why infosys: as a fresher, i think its a best company to start with. also infosys is a very reputated and leading company in IT sector. For me, I think Infosys is perfect to help me to NAVIGATE MY NEXT.
ye navigate my next jrur bol dena.. ye moto h infy k freshers k liye jo training mai btata h.. tm abi hi ye moto bol dena toh impact padega sahi ekdm..
CEO of infy: NARAYAN MURTHY (till march 2002)
currently, SALIL S. PAREKH (Jan 2018 onwards).

aur agr tariff krna hoga infosys ka toh:
In 2020, Infosys was ranked No. 1 in the HFS Top 10 Agile Software Development 2020 report.
aur kch doubt hua toh pcuh lena..

All the best❣️